listen if you solve season one of you
more than once I don't know why you did
that
but I'm pretty sure that if you love
that season you're going to love this
movie for others they may see this as
the visual manifestation of chlamydia
but here's the thing I'm used to there
being a new fatal attraction every year
you know they may change up who's the
one being obsessed they can swap races
genders they completely just drop logic
also but these movies are literally
meant for you to get riled up
they're orchestrated for you to yell at
the screen with all the goofiness yeah
you're right
you're arguing and once you do that that
means you care yeah do you not I mean
once you talk to the theater screen or
talk to your friend as in the movie I'm
telling you the director is completely
right because I had a lot to say to the
screen
let me explain so the movie starts off
with Scott and Annie searching for a new
house he's in advertisement she writes
articles and they decided to check out
Dennis Quaid's house who the ringer
theorized might be Dennis playing the
same dad from The Parent Trap for some
reason the ringer a real article are
y'all making fun of explain videos on
YouTube problem here is that believe it
or not Dennis Quaid might actually be
crazy and still obsessed with the house
and the problem with that is that when
you realize that this is the house this
couple is buying to start a family in
then things are serious like this isn't
a lease this isn't some week-long air
B&B they get away cottage not this is
supposed to be the big one where they're
living the rest of their years in and
then Dennis Quaid shows up the day after
tomorrow like he still owns it now Scott
realizes right away that something's up
with Charlie like he doesn't just have
nice eyes dude uses his peripherals to
know what's going on and he realizes
that yo if someone looks like Dennis
Quaid or Mel Gibson ya gotta install
extra security thing is this Stu
installed big security lights without
any cameras and maybe he did but this
dude had him facing the sky cuz Charlie
still outside prancing around the lawn
in the middle of the night when Scott
confronts Charlie about it Charlie just
pay some whippersnappers to come scope
out the place so he doesn't look as
guilty meanwhile he's chilling just dark
knighting it like
you're making a lot of money invest in a
nest Scott then goes for a jog and I I
kid you not he gets run off the road by
Charlie and I do want to give a quick
shout-out to dead to me
which not only has a similar premise
that's going on here but it is the best
show on Netflix right now one that Scott
should have watched to learn some things
he ends up in the hospital and for
whatever reason his own wife's like yeah
i'ma go sleep back home at the serta and
surprise Dennis ain't no rookie he's
waiting outside with a bottle of wine
exclaiming this place can be yours mine
and ours and she lets them in um I'm
gonna get to Annie in a second Scott
who's alone in the hospital during
visiting hours Texas friend marshaled
the Gronk Mathers to go check on Annie
and Charlie just straight up kills him
with an axe I don't know when the Paul
Bunyan was going on here but that's when
we finally get the reveal that Dennis is
in fact
[Music]
a lunatic he's crazy obviously his wife
didn't die of cancer like he claimed she
did she actually committed suicide
according to the police report but and
it turns out he staged that suicide
because she wanted to divorce him and
instead of listening to Anthony Jeselnik
he shot her and staged the whole thing
to murder your spouse as long as you
just kill yourself immediately
afterwards then there's nothing they can
do it's even steven you're above the law
Charlie's daughter obviously due to dips
and tell Scott that she changed her name
after moving away so that her dad
couldn't find her and it turns out that
the only reason he was selling the house
was because he had gotten in so much
debt with his company that he had no
choice but because he's so attached to
the house he decides you know what yeah
i'ma just take it back take this man's
wife and uh yeah my have all the right
stuff so dumb you are really gone oh
yeah I don't know how this lady couldn't
see that something was up with Quaid
considering the the man acts like a
broken muffler like time after time this
guy pops up like a jump-scare and he's
just like oh Charlie come on in Charlie
is twitching like he's working with a
jackhammer
this dude's sweating indoors and and
he's just like you want a lemonade for
those who don't remember what her part
was in Shazam I started questioning
whether it was just same character
because she mentally was making those
same decisions because an Annie
Antoinette this man was sniffing you
like he was radiating pheromones it
turns out this guy has an entire room
below the house they knew nothing about
this room even had stairs that led up to
the creaking closet that they never
bothered to check and thus gave me the
best vantage for you like if I'm moving
into a house as this big I'm checking
every nook and cranny and hiring someone
to do feng shui but listen guys
Gauss otherwise when I say there is a
scene where this man spies on Annie
taking a shower and instead of just
being a peeping tom like he is in this
shop fully clothed
kid you not he decides to also take off
his shirt and be butt-naked in watching
it like I remember being back in
Wisconsin Dells now how many people gone
through this but sometimes you see a man
come in and use the urinal by by getting
butt naked just takes everything off
when I saw that I felt violated
imagine this man being right outside her
bathroom this is the goofiest yet most
psychotic performance I've ever seen I'm
not even mad to be honest I want to know
what the hell he was reading to get into
this headspace like what side of YouTube
was Dennis on that he was there just
trying to imitate that craziness then
again maybe it was just Dennis he just
read the script he's like I I understand
this completely there's a shot where he
imitates Jack Torrance he he growls at
one point like I don't know how many
remember the growl from Beauty and the
Beast how would you feel about growing a
beard he he did that obviously the
budget runs out by the end and the
credits rolled before the police even
get to the scene but it's implied that
Charlie has been shot dead and Annie and
Scott get to live happily ever after in
their house we're now two people have
been shot and killed
thinking I've figured out this video I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section did you like this
movie did you not which of this genre
that keeps on growing as your favorite
I'm curious to know who what you thought
the most insane part of this movie was
like I almost kind of recommend this
movie as a run today I think I said I
had it as a stream it's a stream it but
it's almost worth the rent it if you got
like some drinks and you're watching it
with your crew because there is a point
by the end of this movie I kid you not
Dennis Quaid licks her like seeing that
on the screen is one thing but imagining
being on set where Dennis Quaid has to
like you is insane I would never be an
actor you know what I love just watching
movies for a living you know what
forgive my dream of being a director I
don't even act that did some crazy stuff
out there let me know your thoughts down
below on this movie on any other ones
you want me to cover don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and Charlie
won't lick your cheeks